hi my name is Kevin Kelly I used to be
an idea killer for years people came to
me with her game-changing idea and I
shut them down one by one how I always
found enough reasons why they shouldn't
pursue it further and therein lies the
challenge for the entrepreneur the
challenge knowledge always gives you
enough reasons not to act I was wrong I
was misguided you see success is less
about being a visionary having that Wow
idea and a fully loaded business plan
and it's more about the entrepreneurs
ability to do to learn to execute and
don't just take my word for it
throughout this book you're gonna meet
many exceptions from all over the world
with turnovers ranging from a hundred K
to 150 million they prove the power of
the do mindset to make better and more
informed decisions entrepreneurs need to
see the wood from the trees to do this
they must face the number one obstacle
to setting up a business worldwide
according to the global entrepreneurial
monitor fear a failure in do we will
show you that fear is learned so you can
unlearn it furthermore I will give you
the tools to navigate for your failure
get clarity and improve your
decision-making in an attention deficit
society entrepreneurs need to know how
to deliver quality attention to the
clients how their strategy must be based
on building friendships not customer
relationships in do we show you how so
what if launching and leading an
exceptional business was simpler than
you thought not easier not less time
consuming but simpler guess what it is
allow me to bring you and your idea on
the trip from the ordinary to the
exceptional
time to do
you